But that doesn't mean he spread it.
In the company
Can everyone see that file?
Yes, he is not the only one who has seen it.
But his deal is the biggest
I suggest that Si Xiaoxiao stop investigating first
Speak with evidence
I can't rely on your words alone
Suspend him
dysfunction
What's wrong with Mr. Ji?
The message was sent from your computer
The Internet Protocol Address is also displayed on your computer
about this
What do you have to explain?
No. How could I possibly do such a thing?
And isn't there surveillance in the office area?
Just call up the monitor
To prove my innocence
I said it was you
You still don't admit it
Knowing that the monitoring was broken two days ago
You also said to adjust the monitoring.
I see you.
Just to escape responsibility
I didn't if it was really me
Then I will naturally take responsibility.
But this really has nothing to do with me.
little
So you go back and rest for a few days first.
Wait until I find out the truth
Preserve your innocence
You trust me.
I believe you.